Add explicit examples of the `h_` function, 01-markup_to_html.md (#43)
soupi/learn-haskell-blog-generator: src/05-glue/01-markup_to_html.md

---

> Exercise: Implement `h_ :: Natural -> String -> Structure` (as-in, `<h1></h1>`, `<h2></h2>`, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exercise: Implement `h_ :: Natural -> String -> Structure`
which we'll use to define arbitrary headings (such as `<h1>`, `<h2>`, and so on).
```
